Malamu Engineering - Développement rapide d'applications & Agile Project Management:
Malamu Engineering - A Data Science Fellowship for Research & Development. Established in 2019 Hyderabad, India with a network of experts across Africa.
Nous voulons que les gens du monde entier sachent que le travail réparti peut être facile, en se concentrant sur de bonnes compétences de collaboration et en tirant parti d’outils modernes de travail conjoint. We are a community of passionate individuals whose purpose is to revolutionize software design, creation and delivery, while advocating for positive social change.

Malamu Engineering JumpStart! is a 12 week coaching and mentoring program for individuals who want to build and develop specialised skills in software development using agile engineering and software delivery practices to jumpstart their careers in tech - supported by a Placement Program (KSC). 


Through the program (Malamu Engineering JumpStart!), you will learn skills that you can bring to any organisation (e.g. enterprises, start-ups, voluntary welfare organisations) to create valuable working software. These skills include: essential programming fundamentals, agile software development practices, full stack and application development.

Who Should Apply?


Applicants should be:

    Fresh graduates from universities and polytechnics; or
    Entry- level developers who want to further improve their software development capabilities; or
    Mid-career switchers who have passion in software development but need some help to get started; or
    Interested in the opportunity to build a career in tech; or
    Keen on using technology and software to make an impact in his or her sphere of influence

Program Benefits:

﻿

    Personalised coaching and mentoring from seasoned Malamu Engineering with agile delivery expertise 
    Accelerated learning
    Bridge the gap between academic knowledge and working skills
    Differentiate yourself in a competitive job market
    Find a job with the help of our recruitment partners

Program duration: 12 weeks


Your commitment: This is a full-time program which will be conducted by Malamu Engineering in Congo Brazzaville


Your employment afterwards: Our talent partner will proactively work with you during the program to help you find an exciting career opportunity in Congo Brazzaville 


Program start date: 2nd July 2020


Class size: 10 - 15 


A specific Agile Project Management framework that has evolved in more recent years is Scrum. This methodology features a product owner who works with a development team to create a product backlog, a prioritized list of the features, functionalities and fixes required to deliver a successful software system. The team then delivers the pieces in rapid increments.

Each member of the team members answers the following questions:

    What worked well for us?
    What did not work well for us?
    What actions can we take to improve our process going forward?

A framework, such as the one below, can be used to provide structure and keep discussion during the retrospective focused.

    Set the stage - get the team ready to engage in the retrospective, perhaps with a warm-up activity such as Plus, Minus, Interesting (PMI) (5 minutes)
    Gather data - create a shared picture of what happened during the retrospective (10 minutes)
    Generate insights - discuss what was successful and identify any roadblocks to success (10 minutes)
    Decide what to do - identify highest priority items to work on and put measurable goals on those items so they can be completed (15 minutes)
    Close the retrospective - reflect on the retrospective and how to improve it, and to appreciate accomplishments of the team and individual interactions (5 minutes)
